# solidity_course_2024_v001

## 05 Write Your First Solidity Smart Contract | Complete Solidity Programming Language Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Fr4UdCyQVE&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=5

---

## 06 NFT Counter Solidity Smart Contract | Increment & Decrement NFT Count | Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjmCioAa-wU&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=6

...

## 07 Solidity Data Types | Data Types in Solidity Smart Contracts | Full Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YW2h8iYrYw&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=7

...

## 08 Solidity Function | What are functions in Solidity Like, Function, Modifiers, Pure | Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LHnxs_Bru4&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=8

...

## 09 State Variables In Solidity | Reading, and Writing to a State Variable | Complete Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBgE5-9AO_4&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=9

...

## 10 Local Variables In Solidity | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYxu8-hL0RU&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=10

...

## 11 Global Variables In Solidity | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPKcPa8cUUg&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=11

...

## 12 View In Solidity | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIsL7AVub6M&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=12

...

## 13 Pure In Solidity | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1AXyAIsl0c&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=13

...

## 14 Event Tickets Smart Contract in Solidity | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcD6je2TfXQ&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=14

...

## 15 Constant In Solidity | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KS7R9z0wqMo&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=15

...

## 16 If, Else In Solidity | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDQqJd3P0RQ&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=16

...

## 17 While Loop In Solidity Programming Language | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcu9ZS1uEg4&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=17

...

## 18 Do While Loop In Solidity Programming Language | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpI12WGdjjw&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=18

...

## 19 For Loop In Solidity Programming Language | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih-rbpOqTN0&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=19

...

## 20 Require Error Handler In Solidity | Require Statement | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZ-KVFhiwlg&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=20

...

## 21 Assert Error Handler In Solidity | Assert Statement | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpIGLsSJkbM&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=21

...

## 22 Revert Error Handler In Solidity | Revert Statement | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCydLF6eyTg&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=22

...

## 23 Modifier In solidity | How to create Modifiers In Solidity | Complete Solidity Course 2022
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZGm1LIYnlk&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=23

...

## 24 Solidity Constructor | How To Use Solidity Constructor Function | Complete Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jT6tq6nprY0&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=24

...

## 25 Solidity Mapping | How To Use & Create Solidity Mapping Smart Contract | Complete Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeBwcVfr-9Y&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=25

...

## 26 Solidity Arrays Tutorial| How To Use & Create Solidity Arrays | Complete Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-OBmrlg8wk&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=26

...

## 27 Array Remove By Shifting In Solidity | How To Remove Array Element In Solidity | Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThoabOGcrmk&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=27

...

## 28 Replace Array From End | How To Replace Array From END In Solidity Smart Contract | Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KWKpr4oC7c&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=28

...

## 29 Enum In Solidity | How To Create & Use Enum In Solidity Smart Contract | Complete Solidity Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRxO-D4pJH8&list=PLWUCKsxdKl0oksYr6IG_wRsaSUySQC0ck&index=29

...

